Okay, so now we have our very basic Next application,
we want to add some more content to it,
some more pages, and actually start seeing
some of the benefits that Next will give us,
things like client-side rendering, navigation, and so on.
But the first thing to look at,
is actually the pages directory.
The pages directory is our routing system.
So there is no need for a react router
or defining all the routs or any of that.
The pages directory declares what routs
are available in the first place.
So in this case, we have index.js which maps
directly to the rout of the application.
But we can have other directories as well.
So if we--
Directories or files.
Here I've got an about.js and I can
navigate to it using slash about.
I can have subdirectories.
Again, I can use index.js and it'll sow up this path,
the user path, individual files underneath that.
And I can navigate to those directly.
So here I've got user and a username
that will render the rem page, or page component.
And we can also do placeholders in the URLs.
Cause it's unlikely you're gonna say,
"I want to do a single user for every one of these pages."
We can use placeholders and we'll look at that later on,
dynamic routing with nice URLs as well.
So let's add another page into our project.
Very straightforward to do.
We're just going to touch pages about.
And in here, I'm going to add another page, about.
Okay, about my project, about this project.
And I'm just gonna wrap that in a div.
P tag, it uses Next; okay, hit save.
And I'm just gonna navigate to about.
There it is, ready for me to use.
Okay, so that is the routing system;
incredibly simple to work with.
One thing, before I kind of shoot off
onto how to link these together, you may have noticed
that my React components, they don't import
React at the top; they don't need to.
Next is doing that for me, so I don't have
to do import React from react.
So if you're writing regular React code,
you would have this at the top of every single page.
And then your build process would turn this JSX
into Javascript, but we don't need that.
Next provides its own presets and just discards
that unused variable or invisible variable.
So, the next thing we're gonna look at is
how to link these pages together, because at the moment,
when I'm navigating back and forth between them,
it's doing a full server render.
So if I add a link to this page and I click on that link,
that's doing a full server render, which we can see
in our network requests, if I just show you that now.
It's down a little bit.
So clear this log, click on about, and see here.
This was a document request.
What we wanna do is make use of the history API
and load that within the browser so that we don't have
that extra trip off to the server and extra content.
So that's what we're gonna look at next,
how to use Next's implementation of the link component.